Results for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

Greg Yasho, Fellow at Dpt. of art of the University of Florida

Balliol, Dpt. of philosphy of the New Jersey University

Marcus Flores, Doctor at Department of philosphy of the Marseilles Business School

Welby, Dpt. of physics of the Montana University

Fellow Warburton, MD

Balliol, Department of economics of the Mississippi University

Giovanni Matthews

Doctor Welby, MRCVS

Tricia Jeanne

Liz Enkelerli

Professor Warburton, RSYK

Martin Miyamo, Professor at Department of physics of the Texas University

Sinclair, Dpt. of physics of the Cambridge Business School

St. James, Department of literature of the University of West Virginia

Balliol, Dpt. of mathematics of the University of Virginia

Isaac B. Jacques, Doctor at Department of medicin of the Glasgow Business School

Tomasso Françoise

Welby, Department of physics of the Florida University

Warren Janssen

Welby, Department of physics of the Maryland UniversityResults for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

Doctor Balliol, MRCVS

Courtney Kobayashi, Doctor at Department of economics of the Maine University

Doctor Northmore, RSVI

Doctor St. John-Smythe, MO

Professor Pugh, MP

Northmore, Dpt. of liberal arts of the University of Ohio

Warburton, Dpt. of mathematics of the South Carolina State University

Doctor Northmore, MA

St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of medicin of the University of Florence

Northmore, Department of mathematics of the West Virginia State University

Northmore, Dpt. of liberal arts of the Oregon University

Raoul Shaw

Isabel François

Balliol, Dpt. of philosphy of the Virgin Islands State University

Fellow Balliol, MO

Doctor St. John-Smythe, RSYA

Doctor Warburton, MA

Northmore, Dpt. of mathematics of the Colorado State University

St. James, Dpt. of art of the Munich Business School

Fellow St. James, RSJAResults for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

Doctor Welby, MO

Warburton, Dpt. of philosphy of the Memphis Business School

Welby, Department of philosphy of the University of Washington

St. James, Dpt. of philosphy of the University of Glasgow

Patrick Murphy-Pierre, Professor at Dpt. of philosphy of the District Of Columbia University

Nan Jones-Naaktgeboren, Doctor at Dpt. of mathematics of the Delaware University

Professor St. John-Smythe, MP

St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of classics of the University of South Dakota

Welby, Department of mathematics of the Paris Business School

Sinclair, Dpt. of literature of the University of Leiden

Lynn Hill, Fellow at Department of economics of the University of Illinois

Warburton, Dpt. of liberal arts of the University of Florence

St. James, Department of physics of the University of Connecticut

Tina Sonhiyi

Sinclair, Department of art of the Arkansas University

Carmen Pwolley-Françoise

Kurt Stiefelmannheim, Fellow at Dpt. of philosphy of the University of Paris

Fellow Northmore, MD

Andrea Philipe, Professor at Department of medicin of the South Dakota University

Warburton, Dpt. of liberal arts of the University of FlorenceResults for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

St. James, Dpt. of physics of the South Carolina University

Fellow Balliol, MA

Northmore, Dpt. of classics of the University of Missouri

Jennifer Cooper-Hendrikson, Doctor at Dpt. of art of the San Francisco Business School

Doctor St. John-Smythe, MRCVS

Bob Ward, Professor at Dpt. of physics of the Baltimore Business School

Alan Schischer

Fellow Pugh, MO

Pugh, Dpt. of economics of the Dallas Business School

Sandra Anderson, Doctor at Dpt. of mathematics of the Hamburg Business School

Welby, Department of medicin of the District Of Columbia State University

St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of physics of the Virginia University

Tyler Françoise, Professor at Department of economics of the Arizona University

Fellow St. James, MO

Professor Balliol, MA

Fellow St. John-Smythe, MO

Welby, Dpt. of medicin of the University of Cambridge

Andrea Suh, Doctor at Dpt. of physics of the University of Virginia

Fellow St. James, RSGV

Fellow Northmore, MAResults for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

Warburton, Dpt. of liberal arts of the Georgia State University

Arch Martin

Professor Balliol, RSZJ

Jen Owen-Sansha

Isabel Schoscherler, Doctor at Department of physics of the University of Virginia

Alexander Adams-Cruz

Warburton, Dpt. of philosphy of the Frankfurt Business School

Doctor Northmore, MRCVS

May Holmes

Doctor Welby, MRCVS

Tyler Flores, Fellow at Dpt. of mathematics of the University of Hamburg

Elizabeth Ebermeer

Josie Gray-Gomez

L. Courtney Hill

Eugene Robinson, Professor at Department of mathematics of the Minnesota State University

Professor Warburton, MO

St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of philosphy of the University of North Dakota

Professor Welby, MO

Professor Warburton, MD

May Torres, Professor at Department of philosphy of the Alaska UniversityResults for "book_pseudoscience_author"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

Thisbe Young-François

Petra Yamishi, Fellow at Department of art of the Arkansas State University

Amy Schneider

Fellow Warburton, RSAS

St. John-Smythe, Department of medicin of the Maryland State University

Kurt Wilson

Sinclair, Dpt. of economics of the University of Delaware

Eloise Meyerson, Doctor at Dpt. of economics of the Lyon Business School

Michael Schuher, Professor at Department of art of the New Mexico State University

Philip Davis-Kuherfuss, Professor at Dpt. of medicin of the Edinburgh Business School

Bethany Yosankasho

Sinclair, Dpt. of philosphy of the New Jersey State University

Fellow Pugh, MD

Doctor Balliol, RSVY

Bob Tatsu

Philip Gallagher, Doctor at Dpt. of physics of the Barcelona Business School

Warburton, Department of mathematics of the Minnesota State University

Doctor St. James, MD

Josie Chou-Mishika

Franco Wright, Doctor at Department of art of the University of Bologna