Results for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"Positive multicriticism and Beethoven" by Sinclair, Department of medicin of the University of Kansas

"Agnosticism, Feynman and Marais" by Emily Martínez

"The influence of late catholocism on philosphy, V" by Emily Hussain, Doctor at Dpt. of physics of the University of The Hague

"Universal proto-pluralism as medicin" by Sandra Sanyanshato, Fellow at Dpt. of medicin of the University of Manchester

"Faraday and art, III" by Warburton, Department of philosphy of the Colorado University

"Elgreco and Truffaut" by Professor Pugh, MA

"Golden satanism and Chekov" by Sinclair, Dpt. of literature of the Sheffield Business School

"Lucas as seen by spirited ethno-modernism" by Welby, Department of art of the Arkansas State University

"Euler as seen by pan-eroticism" by Pugh, Department of mathematics of the San Jose Business School

"Criticism, Fitzgerald and Hemingway, I" by Michael Sasanyo

"Universal socioagnosticism and Hemingway" by Professor St. James, MP

"The influence of catholocism on philosphy" by Doctor Welby, MRCVS

"Early negativism and Rembrandt, X" by Theresa Torres, Fellow at Department of philosphy of the University of Arkansas

"eroticism and Couperin" by Professor Sinclair, MP

"Late creationism and mathematics, X" by Professor Northmore, MA

"Bronte in the history of medicin, X" by Kurt Richardson

"The role of protestantism in multimodernism, III" by Graham Wynn, Fellow at Dpt. of art of the Maine State University

"The role of economics in socialism, IV" by Northmore, Dpt. of art of the University of Lyon

"The influence of satanism on economics, VI" by Arch Wilkinson, Fellow at Dpt. of physics of the University of Tennessee

"Criticism and communism (1726-1807), I" by St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of classics of the Idaho State UniversityResults for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"The role of philosphy in socio-creationism" by St. John-Smythe, Department of medicin of the Leeds Business School

"The role of globalism in eclecticism, IV" by Fellow Warburton, MRCVS

"The role of socialism in dadaism, V" by Daphne Philipe

"Mahler in the history of medicin" by Sinclair, Dpt. of medicin of the University of West Virginia

"Modernism, Reinhardt and Bartok" by Tina Powell, Fellow at Dpt. of physics of the University of Munich

"Multi-criticism, Lucas and Handel, II" by Maarten A. Françoise

"Goya and literature" by St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of literature of the West Virginia State University

"Eternal futurism as literature" by St. John-Smythe, Department of mathematics of the District Of Columbia State University

"Matisse and medicin" by St. James, Dpt. of mathematics of the Mississippi State University

"Ohm and Rembrandt, X" by Patrick Edwards, Professor at Dpt. of classics of the Colorado State University

"Inspired panjournalism as mathematics" by Sinclair, Department of philosphy of the University of Connecticut

"Negative catholocism and art" by Karla Williams, Doctor at Department of mathematics of the University of Baltimore

"Late creationism as classics" by Pugh, Dpt. of philosphy of the Lyon Business School

"Divine micro-futurism and classics, VIII" by Professor Welby, MRCVS

"Creationism, Feynman and Lumiere, II" by Jen A. Schwankingerstadt, Doctor at Department of literature of the University of Colorado

"Leonardo as seen by universal creationism" by Tyler Meyerson

"Chopin and Malevich, II" by Welby, Dpt. of physics of the Puerto Rico State University

"Truffaut in the history of mathematics, VII" by Penny Janssen-Sanyito

"pansocialism and Curie, X" by Bridget Vogel, Doctor at Department of liberal arts of the Idaho State University

"Archimedes in the history of economics" by Doctor Pugh, MOResults for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"Late satanism and physics, IX" by Erik Suarez-Kelly

"Socionegativism and nazism (1767-1864), X" by Warburton, Dpt. of classics of the Bilbao Business School

"Micro-globalism and sociopositivism (1752-1861), I" by Warburton, Dpt. of philosphy of the University of Missouri

"Lucas in the history of philosphy, V" by Jasper T. Hunt, Doctor at Department of mathematics of the University of Idaho

"Klimt and mathematics" by Ellen François, Doctor at Department of mathematics of the University of Liege

"The influence of modernism on classics, VI" by St. James, Department of art of the University of Cambridge

"socialism as classics, II" by Josie Hoffman, Professor at Department of literature of the University of Delaware

"Dadaism and journalism (1770-1870)" by Fellow Warburton, MA

"Eclecticism, Tarantino and Brahms, VII" by St. John-Smythe, Department of medicin of the District Of Columbia State University

"Lucas as seen by positive negativism" by Carl Palmer-Little, Fellow at Dpt. of physics of the Missouri University

"Cynicism, Forqueray and Leonardo" by Bill Françoise

"Geiger and Cronenberg, VII" by Eugene Sakayan-Sashakan, Professor at Dpt. of art of the University of Kansas

"The influence of negative creationism on economics" by St. James, Dpt. of art of the University of Utah

"eclecticism as mathematics, V" by Walter Butler, Fellow at Dpt. of classics of the Connecticut State University

"Inspiring socialism and Bergman, II" by Professor Welby, MD

"The role of neo-satanism in ethnomodernism, V" by St. John-Smythe, Department of economics of the Vermont State University

"The influence of dadaism on art, X" by Ingeborg Richards

"agnosticism and Handel" by Fellow St. James, MP

"Multicatholocism and satanism (1743-1884)" by Ellen Fernandez

"Multipositivism and protestantism (1701-1872)" by Fellow St. John-Smythe, MPResults for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"The role of protocatholocism in ethno-communism" by Fellow St. John-Smythe, MA

"Positive modernism and Renoir, VIII" by Irwin Cho, Doctor at Dpt. of classics of the Nebraska State University

"The role of neo-globalism in technonegativism, VIII" by Balliol, Dpt. of literature of the University of South Carolina

"Globalism and futurism (1763-1848)" by St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of liberal arts of the Bonn Business School

"Ethnojournalism, Fitzgerald and Malevich, VIII" by Doctor Pugh, MD

"catholocism as mathematics, II" by Bill Schussmannkopf, Fellow at Department of physics of the University of Liverpool

"Macro-socialism and agnosticism (1758-1858), V" by Pugh, Department of physics of the West Virginia State University

"Eternal nazism and Dali, IX" by Professor Pugh, MO

"catholocism and medicin, VII" by Professor Northmore, MD

"Monet in the history of liberal arts" by Welby, Dpt. of art of the Atlanta Business School

"Inspired journalism and economics" by Warburton, Dpt. of philosphy of the Florida University

"Spielberg and economics, I" by Leigh A. Marinski, Fellow at Dpt. of physics of the University of Nebraska

"The influence of criticism on physics, X" by C. Isaac Roberts

"Negative nazism and art" by Michael Hughes

"theonazism as art" by Lynn François

"Fahrenheit in the history of mathematics, VIII" by Balliol, Department of medicin of the University of The Hague

"techno-globalism and philosphy" by Doctor St. John-Smythe, MRCVS

"The role of art in macro-dadaism" by Isabel Wilson

"Beckett and physics" by Doctor Northmore, RSLJ

"micro-modernism and medicin, VIII" by Courtney Wood, Professor at Dpt. of philosphy of the Manchester Business SchoolResults for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"The influence of agnosticism on literature, X" by Franco Martin

"Lumiere in the history of liberal arts" by Jasper Brown, Doctor at Department of medicin of the University of Florence

"Chekov in the history of medicin" by Alan Tisanta-Marshall, Fellow at Department of mathematics of the University of Virginia

"Ethno-agnosticism, Magritte and Rubens" by Justine Kashoka

"The role of cynicism in microcommunism" by Balliol, Department of classics of the Rotterdam Business School

"Lumiere and medicin, II" by Northmore, Dpt. of literature of the Michigan State University

"The role of futurism in pluralism" by Balliol, Department of economics of the Cambridge Business School

"Criticism and socialism (1723-1834)" by Graham Cho, Doctor at Dpt. of classics of the Pennsylvania University

"Early catholocism and Wright" by Professor St. James, RSXK

"Microprotestantism, Vansant and Lucas, VIII" by Sasha Gallagher, Fellow at Department of classics of the Marseilles Business School

"Spielberg as seen by liberal eclecticism, V" by Doctor Sinclair, MO

"Spielberg and Mandelbrot" by Victor Bell, Fellow at Dpt. of classics of the Nevada University

"Planck as seen by inspired eclecticism, IX" by Northmore, Dpt. of art of the University of Texas

"The role of communism in negativism, IX" by St. John-Smythe, Dpt. of literature of the University of Bonn

"The influence of modernism on classics" by Connie Brown, Fellow at Dpt. of mathematics of the University of Illinois

"Turner and Magritte" by Professor Welby, RSTP

"negativism and Hemingway" by Warburton, Department of classics of the University of Milan

"Renoir and medicin" by Bridget Davidoff, Fellow at Department of classics of the University of South Dakota

"Truffaut in the history of mathematics, III" by Fellow Northmore, MD

"Dadaism and postnazism (1751-1852)" by Fellow Northmore, MOResults for "book_pseudoscience_title"
Defined in module literature.py
Used in literature.py

"The role of liberal arts in creationism" by Brad Abbott, Fellow at Dpt. of art of the Marseilles Business School

"Turgenev and Beethoven, VII" by Jen Young, Fellow at Dpt. of medicin of the Arkansas University

"Roentgen and Coulomb, V" by Patricia Dixon

"Tarantino and liberal arts, VIII" by St. John-Smythe, Department of physics of the University of Massachusetts

"Nazism and dadaism (1775-1882)" by Petr Jean

"Nazism, Lully and Ensor" by Fellow Pugh, MA

"The influence of eclecticism on medicin, II" by Karla Edwards

"Inspiring communism and Roentgen" by Dieter Muller-Gagnon

"industrialism as liberal arts" by Doctor Warburton, MD

"Golden socio-positivism and Grieg" by Fellow Welby, MRCVS

"The influence of inspired criticism on philosphy, V" by Clifford Thompson, Fellow at Department of medicin of the Bilbao Business School

"The role of criticism in catholocism, IV" by Northmore, Dpt. of liberal arts of the Kentucky State University

"Einstein as seen by spirited journalism, IV" by Ellen P. Barnes

"The role of pluralism in cynicism, VII" by Bridget Françoise, Fellow at Dpt. of mathematics of the University of Frankfurt

"Late socialism and philosphy, IX" by Meghan Murphy, Professor at Dpt. of physics of the Bonn Business School

"Universal socio-futurism and literature" by Jeremy Ellis

"Universal multi-pluralism and Elgreco, VII" by Doctor St. John-Smythe, MO

"Renoir as seen by protestantism, IX" by J. Claudia Stevens

"The influence of divine protestantism on liberal arts" by Patrick Heimenwaldauer-Davies

"proto-dadaism and philosphy" by Emily Smith, Doctor at Department of mathematics of the Rome Business School