Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied philosophy at New Hampshire State University and writes for Applies Arts, Graphis and Alphabet.

studied experimentation at Oregon State University and writes for Baseline, Compres and Architext Design.

studied design at Rotterdam Business School and writes for Argos, De Stijl and iM [Identity Matters].

studied design theory at South Carolina University and writes for Grafische Nachrichten, Akademische Mitteilungen and Architext Design.

studied meme at University of The Hague and writes for ADGtext, Art View and Cactus.

studied revival at University of Colorado and writes for Bauhaus, FontZine and I.D..

studied experimentation at University of Tennessee and writes for Baseline, Akademische Mitteilungen and De Stijl.

studied improvisation at University of Colorado and writes for Alphabet, Akademische Mitteilungen and Hfg Forum.

studied typography at Bilbao Business School and writes for HQ High Quality, Icographic and Architext Design.

studied intuition at Oklahoma State University and writes for Form & Zweck, Apply and DotDotDot.

studied reasoning at University of Lille and writes for Graficar, ARCA International and Design Report.

studied assumption at University of Berlin and writes for Graficar, AIGA Journal of Graphic Design and Blueprint.

studied composition at Wyoming State University and writes for Compres, CMYK and Bauhaus.

studied creation at University of Berlin and writes for Hard Werken, Adbusters and ADGtext.

studied concept at Georgia State University and writes for Bauhaus, The Fleuron and Ark.

studied verticalisation at University of Wyoming and writes for AGD Quartal, Form & Zweck and Druk.

studied meme at University of Paris and writes for Akademische Mitteilungen, Graphis and Hfg Forum.

studied modernism at Bologna Business School and writes for Emigre, De Stijl and Applies Arts.

studied design theory at University of Louisiana and writes for Fuse, Art View and Wired.

studied assumption at University of Arkansas and writes for Aktuell Grafisk Information, Bulldozer and AGD Quartal.Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied photography at University of Oxford and writes for Items, A.D. and A.D..

studied thinking at Bilbao Business School and writes for Colors, Argos and Hard Werken.

studied beauty at Pennsylvania State University and writes for Emigre, Form and Akademische Mitteilungen.

studied assumption at New York State University and writes for Hard Werken, Art View and De Stijl.

studied detail at Connecticut State University and writes for Bulldozer, Hfg Forum and A.D..

studied evaluation at University of Eindhoven and writes for Cactus, Da! and Applies Arts.

studied statement at San Jose Business School and writes for House, I.D. and Hard Werken.

studied subsidies at University of New Hampshire and writes for Fine Print, EYE and Journal of Vernacular Design theory.

studied perception at Texas University and writes for Design Issues, Apply and Hard Werken.

studied improvisation at New York Business School and writes for DotDotDot, Design Issues and Applies Arts.

studied form at University of Barcelona and writes for Ark, EYE and Bauhaus.

studied design theory at University of Arkansas and writes for Bulldozer, Hard Werken and AIGA Journal of Graphic Design.

studied verticalisation at University of West Virginia and writes for Affiche, I.D. and Applies Arts.

studied finance at University of Liverpool and writes for Art View, The Fleuron and Colors.

studied syntax at Arkansas University and writes for Graphis, The Fleuron and Adobe Magazine.

studied reasoning at University of Baltimore and writes for LetterLetter, The Fleuron and Argos.

studied visualisation at Bilbao Business School and writes for Architext Design, Blueprint and Wired.

studied concept at University of North Dakota and writes for Form & Zweck, Form and Frieze.

studied semiotics at Iowa University and writes for Alphabet, AGD Quartal and Hard Werken.

studied subsidies at Rhode Island State University and writes for Wired, AIGA Journal of Graphic Design and Graficar.Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied intuition at University of Wyoming and writes for Design Digest, Columnum and Graficar.

studied resistance at University of Lyon and writes for Apply, Fine Print and Domus.

studied detail at University of Arkansas and writes for Apply, Journal of Critical Evaluation and AGI-NGT.

studied semiotics at Texas University and writes for Form & Zweck, Items and The Fleuron.

studied improvisation at Virgin Islands State University and writes for Aktuell Grafisk Information, Hard Werken and Bauhaus.

studied revival at University of Barcelona and writes for ADGtext, Grafische Nachrichten and HQ High Quality.

studied revival at Nebraska State University and writes for Bauhaus, Add!ct and Bulldozer.

studied photography at Kansas City Business School and writes for Columnum, Argos and AIGA Journal of Graphic Design.

studied form at Cambridge Business School and writes for Adbusters, ARCA International and Colors.

studied meme at Toulouse Business School and writes for House, Fine Print and ID.

studied pop-culture at University of London and writes for CMYK, Graficar and iM [Identity Matters].

studied perception at University of Los Angeles and writes for Design Report, Da! and ARCA International.

studied assumption at University of Tennessee and writes for Compres, Adobe Magazine and A.D..

studied philosophy at New Hampshire University and writes for Hfg Forum, Affiche and AGD Quartal.

studied evaluation at Nevada University and writes for ARCA International, Art View and Design Report.

studied vision at Mississippi University and writes for The Fleuron, Emigre and The Fleuron.

studied improvisation at Wyoming University and writes for ARCA International, ID and DaDa.

studied evaluation at Arizona University and writes for Acro [AKPO], Architext Design and iM [Identity Matters].

studied cliché at University of Munich and writes for LetterLetter, Form & Zweck and I.D..

studied reasoning at University of South Dakota and writes for Form, iM [Identity Matters] and Acro [AKPO].Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied construct at University of Oxford and writes for Bauhaus, Adbusters and I.D..

studied resistance at Idaho State University and writes for Domus, Da! and Domus.

studied semantics at University of Hawaii and writes for Cactus, Alphabet and Frieze.

studied design theory at Edinburgh Business School and writes for DotDotDot, Columnum and Applies Arts.

studied perception at University of Montana and writes for Journal of Technological Pop-culture, Add!ct and Journal of Lateral Reasoning.

studied intuition at Amsterdam Business School and writes for Graficar, Kak and Design Report.

studied statement at University of Memphis and writes for Graphis, LetterLetter and Design Issues.

studied vision at University of Florida and writes for Fuse, Cactus and ARCA International.

studied intuition at Lille Business School and writes for Design Digest, Columnum and House.

studied beauty at University of Washington and writes for Bauhaus, Ark and Journal of Pre-existing Programming.

studied improvisation at Kentucky University and writes for Hard Werken, Design Digest and Add!ct.

studied assumption at University of District Of Columbia and writes for Aktuell Grafisk Information, Design Report and Akademische Mitteilungen.

studied reasoning at University of Marseilles and writes for Wired, Cactus and A.D..

studied experimentation at University of Mississippi and writes for DotDotDot, Grafische Nachrichten and Fuse.

studied theorem at University of Utah and writes for Items, DotDotDot and Grafische Nachrichten.

studied form at Barcelona Business School and writes for Emigre, ADGtext and Hard Werken.

studied syntax at Kentucky State University and writes for Ark, Blueprint and Alphabet.

studied creation at Kansas State University and writes for CMYK, Adobe Magazine and EYE.

studied construct at Kentucky University and writes for BAT, Cactus and Hard Werken.

studied criticism at University of Iowa and writes for Hfg Forum, Form and HQ High Quality.Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied philosophy at University of Barcelona and writes for Druk, A.D. and Design Issues.

studied revival at Arizona State University and writes for Graphis, Design Digest and Fuse.

studied subsidies at University of Pennsylvania and writes for DotDotDot, Fine Print and Aktuell Grafisk Information.

studied syntax at San Jose Business School and writes for Argos, Domus and Domus.

studied reasoning at Florida University and writes for Apply, Baseline and Applies Arts.

studied theorem at University of New Hampshire and writes for Bauhaus, Adbusters and Alphabet.

studied beauty at University of Florence and writes for AGI-NGT, Bauhaus and ADGtext.

studied theory at Massachusetts University and writes for Cactus, Columnum and Emigre.

studied subsidies at University of Arizona and writes for De Stijl, iM [Identity Matters] and ID.

studied typography at Hawaii State University and writes for The Fleuron, Design Issues and AGI-NGT.

studied reasoning at University of Bilbao and writes for LetterLetter, Adobe Magazine and Affiche.

studied statement at Toulouse Business School and writes for Argos, Blueprint and Compres.

studied resistance at Arkansas State University and writes for Argos, Bulldozer and BAT.

studied verticalisation at University of Mississippi and writes for Form & Zweck, Grafische Nachrichten and Graficar.

studied theorem at University of Amsterdam and writes for The Fleuron, Art View and The Fleuron.

studied beauty at University of Virginia and writes for Wired, Design Report and A.D..

studied typography at Iowa University and writes for Apply, Compres and Affiche.

studied vernacular at Madrid Business School and writes for Ark, Apply and Design Report.

studied philosophy at South Dakota State University and writes for EYE, Druk and Form & Zweck.

studied typography at Cambridge Business School and writes for Domus, HQ High Quality and House.Results for "design_article_byline"
Defined in module design.py

studied thinking at Rhode Island University and writes for HQ High Quality, Form and Ark.

studied statement at District Of Columbia University and writes for FontZine, Design Digest and The Fleuron.

studied statement at Wyoming University and writes for CMYK, Hard Werken and DotDotDot.

studied theory at University of Cambridge and writes for Icographic, Ark and Compres.

studied statement at University of Virgin Islands and writes for Akademische Mitteilungen, EYE and Graphis.

studied improvisation at Virginia State University and writes for De Stijl, Ark and Graphis.

studied visualisation at Cambridge Business School and writes for Fuse, AIGA Journal of Graphic Design and Adobe Magazine.

studied statement at University of South Carolina and writes for De Stijl, Columnum and Design Report.

studied concept at Wisconsin University and writes for Compres, DaDa and Design Issues.

studied evaluation at San Francisco Business School and writes for Baseline, Domus and A.D..

studied intuition at Iowa University and writes for Emigre, Form & Zweck and Argos.

studied vision at Colorado State University and writes for Hard Werken, Bauhaus and Aktuell Grafisk Information.

studied verticalisation at Munich Business School and writes for Acro [AKPO], Hard Werken and iM [Identity Matters].

studied subsidies at University of Los Angeles and writes for Akademische Mitteilungen, Da! and HQ High Quality.

studied subsidies at Montana University and writes for Journal of Problematic Meme, Hard Werken and A.D..

studied reasoning at University of Gouda and writes for Applies Arts, Art View and Affiche.

studied cliché at Maastricht Business School and writes for Graphis, Colors and Compres.

studied criticism at Liverpool Business School and writes for Colors, Frieze and Affiche.

studied beauty at University of Kansas and writes for Apply, Domus and Akademische Mitteilungen.

studied performance at New Hampshire University and writes for Adobe Magazine, Ark and Apply.