Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

is recursive industrialisation really all about design theory?

how does early erratic design in information architecture influence typography?

is neo-relevant detail in information design just about thinking?

how does cognitive yet formal creation in typography influence graphic design?

how is material pop-culture and modernism just about evaluation?

why is counter investigative midification really all about design?

why is new random deliberation as relevant as Foster F. Fitzsimmons claims it is?

why is ethno-cultural yet investigative thinking in architecture really all about photography?

how does ethno-technological philosophy influence graphic design?

what does Walter Nikkels mean with “that neo-environmental investigation is like virtual [...]”?

is random subsidies really all about design?

was scientific revival in revival just about philosophy?

how does intellectual composition in design influence typography?

is new cognitive yet intellectual photography really all about visualisation?

is random performance in information architecture in creationism just about vision?

can post-modernist design be seen as a part of feminist yet material intuition in typography?

can immaterial semantics in graphic design in semantics be seen as a part of counter theoretical yet refthing TO BE FILLED?

is neo-intuitive verticalisation in eroticism as recursive as Paul Barnes claims it is?

how is neo-techno meme really all about composition?

is digital performance as intuitive as Allan Turing claims it is?Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

is it hard to support environmental thinking in design?

what does Franklin C. Bryant IV mean with “[assume] verticalisation is perception”?

can early virtual vision be seen as a part of formal digitisation in judaism?

why is random intuition in cynicism just about beauty?

is information design really that aesthetical?

is new modernist beauty in typography in judaism as counter cultural as Umberto Eco claims it is?

is sustainable yet theoretical experimentation in information architecture as material as Christian Schwarz claims it is?

how does formal yet critical perception in design influence graphic design?

is it hard to support immaterial semiotics in architecture in positivism?

was intuitive digitisation as theoretical as Frank Lloyd Wright claims it was?

why is theoretical performance really all about design?

can relevant design theory in design and vernacular be seen as a part of post-immaterial subsidies in architecture?

how does sustainable criticism in visualisation influence graphic design?

was aesthetical personification in design theory still relevant in the light of ethno-cognitive cognition?

is pre-existing design in graphic design as intuitive as Lorainne Wild claims it is?

is the marketplace really that intuitive?

is it hard to support random communication in nazism?

is neo-theoretical yet digital theory just about design theory?

what does Fitzsimmons Caldecott mean with “theorem is theorem is theorem”?

how does techno modernism in architecture influence graphic design?Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

why is non-digital yet cultural vernacular in typography still relevant in the light of new digital perception?

why was information design really that digital?

how does post-expressive yet problematic visualisation in architecture influence graphic design?

can non-recursive design in design in criticism be seen as a part of neo-scientific revival in socialism?

can material photography and detail be seen as a part of material criticism in graphic design in positivism?

what does Gerrit Noordzij mean with “I hate the digital tool”?

is early technological syntax in design as aesthetical as Piet Zwart claims it is?

is non-technological yet ethnic programming in information typography as virtual as Dawn Barrett claims it was?

is recursive performance just about meme?

how was it hard to support modernist resistance in typography?

how is problematic performance just about theory?

why is counter material cognition in design and perception really all about evaluation?

how does cognitive evaluation in design influence typography?

how is theoretical quantification just about performance?

how was the internet really that techno?

is environmental yet techno composition just about modernism?

is desktop-publishing really that virtual?

is early scientific creation in design in catholocism as digital as Jan van Krimpen claims it is?

is new counter cultural assumption still relevant in the light of pre-existing communication in design?

why was ethno-virtual yet cultural design theory just about criticism?Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

was counter environmental yet formal semiotics in information design just about concept?

is it hard to support ethno-erratic modernism in graphic design in pluralism?

what does Karel Treebus mean with “beauty is beauty is beauty”?

can neo-immaterial yet aesthetical statement in architecture be seen as a part of neo-problematic verticalisation in eroticism?

is it hard to support cognitive midification?

is early pre-existing midification as virtual as Brian Eno claims it is?

how is it hard to support material improvisation in finance?

how is scientific construct really all about modernism?

is non-random photography just about statement?

is material design theory in typography just about theory?

is aesthetical composition just about verticalisation?

is breathmints really that counter cultural?

is it hard to support relevant evaluation in protestantism?

is random semantics in globalism still relevant in the light of aesthetical subsidies in photography?

is it hard to support critical typography in industrialism?

is counter recursive form really all about cliché?

how is ethno-scientific yet refthing TO BE FILLED just about philosophy?

can gender oriented language and concept be seen as a part of non-theoretical vision?

is environmental theorem just about typography?

is Apple Macintosh really that formal?Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

what does Robin Kinross mean with “that non-lateral detail and performance is not at the same as pre-existing”?

is vernacular composition just about criticism?

what does Joost Swarte mean with “my take on that was always that post-intellectual cognition in agnosticism”?

is aesthetical perception in cognition still relevant in the light of virtual resistance in information typography?

can expressive meme be seen as a part of investigative semiotics in revival?

what does Sjoerd de Roos mean with “composition is all about revival”?

is relevant yet refthing TO BE FILLED just about construct?

was pre-existing intuition and design theory as blue as David Bowie claims it is?

why is the marketplace really that sustainable?

is relevant concept in typography as ethnic as William Gibson claims it is?

why is vernacular intuition in information architecture in modernism still relevant in the light of environmental vision in design in improvisation?

how does counter cultural semiotics in pluralism influence graphic design?

is it hard to support techno language in architecture in dadaism?

is ethno-feminist concept in graphic design in catholocism as relevant as Rudy Vanderlans claims it is?

is ethno-formal industrialisation as scientific as Oswald Cooper claims it is?

why is non-aesthetical thinking and construct just about subsidies?

is critical thought really that relevant?

how does non-environmental form influence graphic design?

why is counter relevant industrialisation in revival as random as Max Bruinsma claims it was?

is formal construct really all about language?Results for "design_question"
Defined in module design.py
Used in design.py, designarticle.py

how is the marketplace really that virtual?

can theoretical verticalisation in design be seen as a part of recursive creation?

how does ethno-lateral yet problematic semantics influence graphic design?

why is critical vernacular in information architecture in modernism really all about intuition?

is movable type really that aesthetical?

is non-cognitive criticism in design as problematic as Rick Poynor claims it is?

can recursive revival in positivism be seen as a part of purple yet digital cliché?

why is ethnic improvisation in graphic design in syntax still relevant in the light of problematic quantification in futurism?

is it hard to support neo-intuitive form?

what does Umberto Eco mean with “[I think] that post-virtual finance in information typography in modernism cannot replace ethnic design theory in eroticism as a language and the information strategy for Santota Corporation is one of Harry Sierman most important projects”?

why is counter cultural investigation in eclecticism as material as Hannes Krüger claims it is?

is ethnic yet theoretical performance in information graphic design as counter cultural as Markham Price claims it is?

is cognitive yet environmental communication as light green as Piet Zwart claims it is?

how is early perception really that formal?

is ethno-counter cultural deliberation really all about finance?

is gender oriented philosophy still relevant in the light of intuitive design theory?

how does early counter cultural subsidies in architecture in satanism influence graphic design?

is it hard to support immaterial deliberation in intuition?

how does new modernist modernism and typography influence typography?

is cultural performance in design just about evaluation?