Results for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Atlanta Beavers vs. the San Jose Raiders

The Columbus (Monroe County) Indians vs. the Dallas Geese

The Denver Geese vs. the Baltimore Dolphins

The Houston Ducks vs. the Columbus (Caldecott County) Dogs

The Detroit Sharks vs. the Baltimore Buffalo

The Miami Geese vs. the Minneapolis Geese

The Winslow Beavers vs. the Maryland Indians

The Detroit Buffalo vs. the Illinois Doctors

The Virgin Islands Buffalo vs. the Atlanta Dogs

The Sterling Soldiers vs. the Dallas Geese

The Miami Jets vs. the Atlanta Cowboys

The Denver Beavers vs. the Florida Magicians

The Minneapolis Raiders vs. the Taylordale Ducks

The Cape Peterport (Washington County) Raiders vs. the Lawrenceport Cowboys

The Miami Buffalo vs. the Chicago Buffalo

The New Calder Ducks vs. the Rhode Island Slaves

The Iowa Beavers vs. the Columbus Dogs

The Indiana Cowboys vs. the Miami Geese

The Hawaii Geese vs. the Washington Buffalo

The Lincoln Doctors vs. the Memphis DucksResults for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Minneapolis Cowboys vs. the Memphis Bears

The Williamsford Dolphins vs. the New York Wildcats

The Miami Doctors vs. the Harrisdale, Monroe County Doctors

The San Jose Dolphins vs. the Lincoln, Sussex County Sharks

The Kansas City Tigers vs. the Washington Wildcats

The Bryant, Elwood County Bears vs. the New York Indians

The Los Angeles Ducks vs. the Memphis Beavers

The Philadelphia Buffalo vs. the Washington Raiders

The Chicago Dogs vs. the New York Dogs

The Lincoln (Essex County) Doctors vs. the Chesterburgh Dogs

The West Virginia Sharks vs. the Kentucky Ducks

The West Virginia Soldiers vs. the Los Angeles Bears

The Nashville Magicians vs. the Lincoln, Suffolk County Doctors

The Minnesota Buffalo vs. the Chicago Ducks

The Pittsburgh Wildcats vs. the Chicago Raiders

The Boston Indians vs. the Houston Buffalo

The Lincoln (Elwood County) Tigers vs. the New York Geese

The Lincoln Wildcats vs. the Louisiana Tigers

The Puerto Rico Bears vs. the New York Tigers

The Davenport Soldiers vs. the Miami IndiansResults for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Los Angeles Hornets vs. the Los Angeles Magicians

The Boston Slaves vs. the Utah Doctors

The Washington Slaves vs. the Pittsburgh Dogs

The Maryland Jets vs. the New York Raiders

The Rhode Island Bears vs. the Maryland Hornets

The Boston Dolphins vs. the Minneapolis Tigers

The Johnstown Wildcats vs. the South Carolina Dolphins

The Baltimore Magicians vs. the Florida Doctors

The West Sterling Indians vs. the Chicago Magicians

The Wyoming Ducks vs. the Atlanta Ducks

The Baltimore Bears vs. the New York Bears

The Philadelphia Soldiers vs. the New Jersey Ducks

The Atlanta Bears vs. the Washington Beavers

The Knox County Dogs vs. the Baltimore Wildcats

The Kansas City Beavers vs. the Middleport Raiders

The Miami Dolphins vs. the Blockland Magicians

The Atlanta Buffalo vs. the Washington Doctors

The Petertown Raiders vs. the Philadelphia Geese

The Pittsburgh Tigers vs. the Minneapolis Cowboys

The Georgia Wildcats vs. the Houston JetsResults for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Houston Wildcats vs. the Baltimore Dolphins

The San Francisco Soldiers vs. the San Francisco Slaves

The Dallas Soldiers vs. the Baltimore Ducks

The San Francisco Dogs vs. the Suffolk County Soldiers

The Houston Tigers vs. the Houston Wildcats

The San Jose Tigers vs. the Memphis Dogs

The Dallas Buffalo vs. the New York Soldiers

The Los Angeles Buffalo vs. the Houston Dolphins

The Detroit Dogs vs. the Nashville Ducks

The North Pinefield Wildcats vs. the South Peterville Ducks

The Columbus, Orange County Doctors vs. the Monroe County Wildcats

The Baltimore Geese vs. the Baltimore Dolphins

The Florida Jets vs. the Seattle Magicians

The Winslow, Sussex County Hornets vs. the San Francisco Tigers

The Seattle Hornets vs. the Seattle Raiders

The Memphis Dogs vs. the Lincoln, Essex County Hornets

The New Jersey Geese vs. the Texas Indians

The Nashville Buffalo vs. the Baltimore Slaves

The Washington Doctors vs. the Dallas Hornets

The Baltimore Jets vs. the Miami BuffaloResults for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Louisiana Soldiers vs. the Seattle Buffalo

The Kansas City Indians vs. the Pennsylvania Bears

The Chicago Raiders vs. the New York Slaves

The Forbes Doctors vs. the Memphis Dolphins

The Maine Dolphins vs. the San Francisco Geese

The Mildale, Norfolk County Bears vs. the Miami Hornets

The Florida Dogs vs. the Montana Ducks

The Miami Magicians vs. the Chicago Raiders

The Seattle Wildcats vs. the Washington Dolphins

The Massachusetts Hornets vs. the East Polk Dogs

The Detroit Geese vs. the South Dakota Sharks

The San Jose Dolphins vs. the San Jose Beavers

The Mount Parker Dolphins vs. the Philadelphia Wildcats

The West Virginia Geese vs. the Pittsburgh Wildcats

The Stanley Dolphins vs. the North Johnshill Doctors

The Iowa Jets vs. the Houston Tigers

The Kansas City Jets vs. the MacArthur (Fairfax County) Hornets

The Hawaii Jets vs. the Mount Clark Beavers

The Denver Dogs vs. the California Indians

The Lawson (Montgomery County) Buffalo vs. the Houston SharksResults for "sports_football_match"
Defined in module sports.py

The Pittsburgh Jets vs. the Boston Geese

The Lincoln, Jefferson County Bears vs. the New Harrison Cowboys

The Caldecott Indians vs. the Columbus, Adams County Tigers

The Philadelphia Soldiers vs. the Detroit Magicians

The Nebraska Dolphins vs. the Washington Raiders

The Springfield, Orange County Dolphins vs. the Pittsburgh Geese

The Orange County Cowboys vs. the Baltimore Wildcats

The Kansas City Tigers vs. the South Carolina Sharks

The Bedforddale Sharks vs. the Overdale (Sussex County) Dogs

The Missouri Beavers vs. the Columbus (Montgomery County) Jets

The Maine Hornets vs. the Los Angeles Doctors

The San Jose Raiders vs. the Seattle Wildcats

The Kansas City Dogs vs. the Lincoln, Suffolk County Wildcats

The Minneapolis Hornets vs. the Baltimore Slaves

The Nashville Tigers vs. the Georgeford Raiders

The Los Angeles Magicians vs. the Fredericksburg Jets

The Los Angeles Wildcats vs. the Nashville Wildcats

The Chicago Raiders vs. the Kentucky Slaves

The Boston Bears vs. the Illinois Indians

The Missouri Dolphins vs. the New Jersey Doctors