Results for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

Virginia Buffalo's Monday victory over the San Jose Ducks: qualify for the WFL selection.

Louisiana Slaves start thinking about Cottonbowl.

Taylorvale (Sussex County) Buffalo victory over the Boston Dogs: start thinking about Ragweedbowl.

Springfield (Cook County) Soldiers's Tuesday victory over the Philadelphia Beavers: reinforce their hold on YFL.

Louisiana Dogs and New Bourne Buffalo: not over yet.

Atlanta Wildcats reinforce their hold on DFL.

The Los Angeles Soldiers vs. the Columbus (Monroe County) Slaves, the won easily with 44 to 21.

Kansas Beavers preparing for their upcoming UFL playoffs debut.

ProLFL: playoffs this Thursday!

The Minnesota Doctors vs. the Atlanta Buffalo, the won barely with 73 to 26.

San Francisco Indians start thinking about Dustbowl.

New York Raiders preparing for their upcoming KFL Cottonbowl debut.

Springfield (Fairfax County) Doctors preparing for their upcoming ProGFL Ragweedbowl debut.

Kansas City Bears's Monday victory over the Los Angeles Indians: get new lease on ProQFL.

Detroit Beavers coach Adams named in charges

Puerto Rico Doctors coach named in investigation

Pennsylvania Dolphins preparing for their upcoming ProSFL playoffs debut.

Washington Buffalo and Miami Sharks: not over yet.

The Baltimore Dogs vs. the Mississippi Jets, the won - get this - with 82 to 8.

Coach Dunbar quits after San Francisco Jets loss.Results for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

Columbus, Jefferson County Doctors's Barker injured.

The Colorado Sharks vs. the Washington Tigers, the won as expected with 62 to 12.

Virginia Jets's Friday victory over the New York Dogs: reinforce their hold on ProWFL.

Nevada Bears coach Sloane named in investigation

Springfield Bears and Minneapolis Wildcats: not over yet.

ProGFL: Superbowl this Saturday!

Lincoln (Sussex County) Doctors's Friday victory over the Houston Raiders: get new lease on IFL.

TFL: Ragweedbowl this Wednesday!

Denver Doctors and San Francisco Tigers: not over yet.

HFL: Pollenbowl this Tuesday!

The Missouri Raiders vs. the Boston Soldiers, the won surprisingly with 89 to 32.

Philadelphia Beavers preparing for their upcoming ProZFL selection debut.

The Tennessee Raiders vs. the Miami Hornets, the won easily with 42 to 37.

Denver Hornets vs. the Houston Slaves cancelled.

Denver Hornets vs. the Nashville Tigers cancelled.

Coach Knox quits after Memphis Doctors loss.

Denver Soldiers coach named in coverup

West Virginia Jets coach Dunbar named in charges

Coach Kennerley quits after Columbus Slaves loss.

Los Angeles Raiders preparing for their upcoming VFL playoffs debut.Results for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

Williamsonhill (Upton County) Cowboys vs. the New York Cowboys cancelled.

Coach Parker quits after New Jersey Dogs loss.

Chicago Hornets preparing for their upcoming EFL Cottonbowl debut.

Coach Stanley quits after Los Angeles Dogs loss.

Detroit Indians victory over the Nashville Indians: reinforce their hold on WFL.

Miami Bears preparing for their upcoming ProJFL playoffs debut.

Minnesota Wildcats and Dallas Geese: not over yet.

Atlanta Dogs preparing for their upcoming ProWFL selection debut.

Boston Hornets and Mount Clark Dolphins: not over yet.

Springfield Ducks coach named in trial

Baltimore Indians coach Adams named in charges

Minneapolis Tigers's Wednesday victory over the Dallas Dogs: get new lease on ProNFL.

Coach Sloane quits after Michigan Soldiers loss.

Rowe Geese coach named in coverup

Coach Markham quits after Milport Bears loss.

Nashville Raiders preparing for their upcoming ProMFL Grassbowl debut.

San Francisco Cowboys vs. the Seattle Slaves cancelled.

New Hampshire Sharks's Sunday victory over the Lincoln (Jefferson County) Geese: reinforce their hold on MFL.

San Jose Beavers coach named in charges

New York Beavers vs. the Boston Ducks cancelled.Results for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

The Washington Raiders vs. the Detroit Cowboys, the won as expected with 90 to 4.

The Washington Raiders vs. the Washington Tigers, the won easily with 44 to 34.

Miami Soldiers coach named in trial

Cape MacArthur Dolphins reinforce their hold on KFL.

Coach Parker quits after Nebraska Cowboys loss.

Georgia Cowboys and Nashville Dolphins: not over yet.

The Riverport Magicians vs. the Atlanta Dolphins, the won - get this - with 48 to 16.

Detroit Cowboys preparing for their upcoming ProVFL playoffs debut.

Coach Winslow quits after Philadelphia Hornets loss.

Georgia Jets and Dallas Soldiers: not over yet.

The Atlanta Ducks vs. the Mount Jonesburgh, Sinclair County Doctors, the won easily with 57 to 8.

Philadelphia Doctors vs. the Nevada Doctors cancelled.

Riverfield Geese and Pittsburgh Slaves: not over yet.

The Minneapolis Jets vs. the Tennessee Tigers, the won easily with 99 to 31.

Coach Fitzsimmons quits after Miami Soldiers loss.

Virgin Islands Dogs coach named in investigation

Kansas City Raiders coach Riley named in investigation

Dallas Hornets qualify for the ProDFL playoffs.

New Mexico Magicians victory over the Baltimore Sharks: get new lease on LFL.

Coach Blockland quits after Kansas City Indians loss.Results for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

Mount Johnson Buffalo preparing for their upcoming ProCFL playoffs debut.

New Mexico Geese coach named in trial

Pittsburgh Cowboys coach named in coverup

Coach Bourne quits after Michigan Slaves loss.

Kansas City Bears and New York Cowboys: not over yet.

Coach Price quits after Pittsburgh Doctors loss.

Nashville Geese preparing for their upcoming YFL Superbowl debut.

New York Wildcats preparing for their upcoming ProZFL Cottonbowl debut.

West Ryan Soldiers vs. the Kansas City Tigers cancelled.

Dallas Beavers coach named in coverup

Seattle Wildcats's Rutkowski injured.

Philadelphia Bears coach named in coverup

Alabama Dogs coach named in tapes

ProRFL: Grassbowl this Monday!

SFL: playoffs this Monday!

San Jose Buffalo victory over the Seattle Cowboys: get new lease on ProIFL.

Miami Slaves vs. the District Of Columbia Buffalo cancelled.

The Atlanta Buffalo vs. the Kansas City Buffalo, the won as expected with 94 to 1.

San Francisco Sharks and Kansas City Jets: not over yet.

Washington Ducks coach named in tapesResults for "sportsheadline_football"
Defined in module sports.py
Used in sports.py

New White Jets coach named in trial

Chicago Indians's Tasho injured.

Miami Sharks and Seattle Magicians: not over yet.

Florida Beavers victory over the Memphis Indians: get new lease on FFL.

Lincoln (Suffolk County) Sharks coach named in investigation

Nashville Wildcats preparing for their upcoming VFL Superbowl debut.

Coach Markham quits after Kansas City Beavers loss.

Minneapolis Beavers and South Carolina Indians: not over yet.

The Denver Dolphins vs. the Miami Raiders, the won barely with 89 to 8.

Puerto Rico Sharks's François injured.

Memphis Dogs coach Bourne named in charges

Hawaii Ducks coach Tate named in investigation

Coach Harper quits after Miami Doctors loss.

Coach White quits after Denver Wildcats loss.

Kansas City Tigers coach Walters named in tapes

Iowa Jets vs. the Overburg Bears cancelled.

Riverfield Tigers coach named in charges

Memphis Bears victory over the Wooddale Ducks: start thinking about Pollenbowl.

Riverton Ducks vs. the Washington Tigers cancelled.

Coach Polk quits after Nashville Ducks loss.